Bxmsdoc 8029 Certifications (#7)
briandooley/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/installation/clustering-datagrid-proc.adoc

For more efficient searching across cluster nodes, install {DATAGRID} and configure it for the {PRODUCT} clustered environment.

> For information about {DATAGRID} advanced installation and configuration options and {DATAGRID} modules for {EAP}, see the https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_data_grid/{DATAGRID_VERSION}/html-single/red_hat_data_grid_user_guide/index#[_{DATAGRID} User Guide_].

Reviewer: Note that this URL does not work. I checked the DG 8.0 doc library (https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_data_grid/8.0) and there isn't a User Guide anymore. Find out what doc you should reference now.

Author: Doc to reference is https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_data_grid/8.1/html/data_grid_server_guide/index .

. Navigate to the https://access.redhat.com/jbossnetwork/restricted/listSoftware.html[Software Downloads] page in the Red Hat Customer Portal (login required), and select the product and version from the drop-down options:
+
* *Product:* Data Grid
* *Version:* {DATAGRID_VERSION}

> . Download and extract the *Red Hat JBoss Data Grid {DATAGRID_VERSION_LONG} Server* (`jboss-datagrid-{DATAGRID_VERSION}.0-1-server.zip`) installation file to the preferred location on your system. In the following examples, the extracted directory is referred to as `__JDG_HOME__`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Download and extract the *Red Hat Data Grid {DATAGRID_VERSION_LONG} Server* (`redhat-datagrid-{DATAGRID_VERSION_LONG}-server.zip`) installation file to the preferred location on your system. In the following examples, the extracted directory is referred to as `__JDG_HOME__`.
```
